
Circular Dependancy in Cloud Formation: 
    https://aws.amazon.com/ko/blogs/infrastructure-and-automation/handling-circular-dependency-errors-in-aws-cloudformation/

Lambda - Inline Function Code: 
    Simple functions that are written in Node.js or Python can be declared inline in an AWS CloudFormation template, so no zips are necessary. AWS CloudFormation supports a maximum of 4096 characters, so this is viable only for small functions.

    https://aws.amazon.com/cn/blogs/infrastructure-and-automation/deploying-aws-lambda-functions-using-aws-cloudformation-the-portable-way/

IAM Role Access Keys are auto-rotated by AWS on your behalf; you do not need to rotate them.

When a user is trying to detach an EBS volume, the user can either terminate the instance or explicitly remove the volume. It is a recommended practice to unmount the volume first to avoid any file system damage.

Elastic Bean Stalk - Worker node pull from SQS https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/concepts-worker.html

In OpsWorks - Stacks have many layers, Layers have many instances. 

In DynamoDB, Local Secondary Index - Only Sort key can be different from the table. 

ROLLBACK_IN_PROGRESS does not mean CloudFormation failed ג€" it could mean I failed to specify a working solution.
ROLLBACK_FAILED means CloudFormation failed to carry out a valid operation ג€" rolling back changes it attempted to introduce but could not complete.
Reference:
http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updatingstacks.html

In Elastic BeanStalk - Applications have many environments, environments have many deployments.

Global Secondary Key features of DynamoDB - The partition key and sort key can be different from the table.

In ECS, The Force new deployment option is also used when updating a Fargate task to use a more current platform version when you specify LATEST

Using AWS Systems Manager, create an Automation document with values that configure how the machine image should be created. Launch a new pipeline with a custom action in AWS CodePipeline and integrate it with CloudWatch Events to execute the automation document. Build the AMI when the process is triggered. Store the AMI IDs in Systems Manager Parameter Store. 

"detail-type": "CodePipeline Pipeline Execution State Change"
"detail-type": "CodePipeline Stage Execution State Change"
"detail-type": "CodePipeline Action Execution State Change"

Create an IAM group for team members and another IAM group for the team leader, both with AWSCodeCommitPowerUser policy attached. Attach another IAM policy to the team members’ group that denies Push, Delete and Merge APIs of CodeCommit on the master branch.

BlockTraffic – During this deployment lifecycle event, internet traffic is blocked from accessing instances that are currently serving traffic. This event is reserved for the CodeDeploy agent and cannot be used to run scripts.

Using AWS OpsWorks Stacks, create a new stack with a custom cookbook and upload the custom recipes to an S3 bucket. Modify the configuration of the custom recipes to point to the S3 bucket. Add a new application layer for a standard Node.js application server. Configure the custom recipe to deploy the application using the S3 bucket. Set up time-based instances and attach an IAM role that provides permission to access the DynamoDB table.


Create your validation scripts in AWS Lambda and define them on the AfterAllowTestTraffic lifecycle hook of the AppSpec.yaml file. The functions can validate the deployment using the test traffic and rollback if the tests fail.  -> For lambda, test scripts. 

Produce a Docker image that runs the X-Ray daemon. Upload the image to a Docker image repository, and then deploy it to your Amazon ECS cluster. Configure the network mode settings and port mappings in your task definition file to allow traffic on UDP port 2000.

The AWS X-Ray daemon is a software application that listens for traffic on UDP port 2000, gathers raw segment data, and relays it to the AWS X-Ray API. The daemon works in conjunction with the AWS X-Ray SDKs and must be running so that data sent by the SDKs can reach the X-Ray service.

AWSCodeCommitPowerUser - does not allow them to delete CodeCommit repositories or create or delete repository-related resources in other AWS services, such as Amazon CloudWatch Events. It is recommended to apply this policy to most users.

Immutable environment updates are an alternative to rolling updates. Immutable environment updates ensure that configuration changes that require replacing instances are applied efficiently and safely. If an immutable environment update fails, the rollback process requires only terminating an Auto Scaling group. A failed rolling update, on the other hand, requires performing an additional rolling update to roll back the changes.

Create a CloudWatch Event rule to detect S3 object PUT operations and set the target to the ECS cluster to run a new ECS task. Create another rule that detects S3 DELETE operations. Set the target to a Lambda function that will stop all ECS tasks.

Amazon EC2 instances configured for Systems Manager are also described as managed instances. In the console, however, the IDs of your hybrid instances are distinguished from Amazon EC2 instances with the prefix “mi-“. Amazon EC2 instance IDs use the prefix “i-“.

AWS Application Discovery Service helps you plan your migration to the AWS cloud by collecting usage and configuration data about your on-premises servers. Application Discovery Service is integrated with AWS Migration Hub, which simplifies your migration tracking. After performing discovery, you can view the discovered servers, group them into applications, and then track the migration status of each application from the Migration Hub console. The discovered data can be exported for analysis in Microsoft Excel or AWS analysis tools such as Amazon Athena and Amazon QuickSight.

Guard Duty is THREAT detection service. 
Inspector for VULNERABILITIES. 



Set up a CloudWatch Logs subscription with an AWS Lambda function which is configured to add a FOR_DELETION tag to the Amazon EC2 instance that produced the SSH login event. Run another Lambda function everyday using the CloudWatch Events rule to terminate all EC2 instances with the custom tag for deletion.

Amazon CloudWatch alarm that monitors an Amazon EC2 instance and automatically recovers the instance if it becomes impaired due to an underlying hardware failure or a problem that requires AWS involvement to repair. Terminated instances cannot be recovered. A recovered instance is identical to the original instance, including the instance ID, private IP addresses, Elastic IP addresses, and all instance metadata. If the impaired instance is in a placement group, the recovered instance runs in the placement group.

Amazon GuardDuty offers threat detection that enables you to continuously monitor and protect your AWS accounts and workloads. GuardDuty analyzes continuous streams of meta-data generated from your account and network activity found in AWS CloudTrail Events, Amazon VPC Flow Logs, and DNS Logs. It also uses integrated threat intelligence such as known malicious IP addresses, anomaly detection, and machine learning to identify threats more accurately. This can include issues like escalations of privileges, uses of exposed credentials, or communication with malicious IPs, URLs, or domains.

AWS Inspector is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed on AWS. It will not detect possible malicious activity on your instances.

Amazon GuardDuty is a threat detection service that continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior to protect your AWS accounts and workloads. With the cloud, the collection and aggregation of account and network activities is simplified, but it can be time consuming for security teams to continuously analyze event log data for potential threats. With GuardDuty, you now have an intelligent and cost-effective option for continuous threat detection in the AWS Cloud. The service uses machine learning, anomaly detection, and integrated threat intelligence to identify and prioritize potential threats. GuardDuty analyzes tens of billions of events across multiple AWS data sources, such as AWS CloudTrail, Amazon VPC Flow Logs, and DNS logs. With a few clicks in the AWS Management Console, GuardDuty can be enabled with no software or hardware to deploy or maintain. By integrating with AWS CloudWatch Events, GuardDuty alerts are actionable, easy to aggregate across multiple accounts, and straightforward to push into existing event management and workflow systems

AWS_RISK_CREDENTIALS_EXPOSED event to monitor any exposed IAM keys from the Internet

Your CodeCommit repository and Amazon SNS topic must be on the same region for the triggers to work.

Amazon RDS doesnot support Oracle RAC. 

Aurora doesnot support Oracle RAC.

The s3-bucket-public-read-prohibited and s3-bucket-public-write-prohibited are AWS Config managed rules that check if your Amazon S3 buckets do not allow public read access and write access. 

A patch group is an optional means of organizing instances for patching. For example, you can create patch groups for different operating systems (Linux or Windows), different environments (Development, Test, and Production), or different server functions (web servers, file servers, databases). Patch groups can help you avoid deploying patches to the wrong set of instances. They can also help you avoid deploying patches before they have been adequately tested.

 SNS topics when directly integrated with Config can only be used to stream all the notifications and configuration changes and NOT selectively for a given rule.

 Amazon Aurora Global Database is designed for globally distributed applications, allowing a single Amazon Aurora database to span multiple AWS regions.

Access log is optional feature in ELB, that is disabled by default. 

As CloudTrail sends a notification each time a log file is written to the Amazon S3 bucket, an account that's very active can generate a large number of notifications. If you subscribe using email or SMS, you can end up receiving more messages than you can handle. AWS recommends that you subscribe using Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS), which lets you handle notifications programmatically.

Which status represents a failure state in AWS CloudFormation? -> ROLLBACK_FAILURE 

Opswork service is primarily used for deployment and not for applying patches or upgrading operating systems. 

Amazon Trusted Advisor is integrated with Cloud watch Events and Cloudwatch services: 
    Events used to detect changes in status of trusted advisor check. 
    Cloud watch used trusted advisor alarm to check metrics on status change, resource status change and service limit utuilization. 

AWS Config cannot detect utilization of AWS resources. 

AWS Config rule has 2 triggers: 
    Configuration 
    Periodic 
    Cloudtrail-enabled rule available only in periodic and startlogging and stoplogging API used. 

aws.health API is used to detect AWS_RISK_CREDENTIALS_EXPOSED but not aws personal health dashboard. 

AWS Config require EC2 to be installed and run on that EC2. 

AWS Config is enabled acorss all regions using Cloudformation stacksets. 

Use cases of AWS Config: 
    Detect EBS volumes without encryption. 
    Detect configuration changes like change in IAM policies. 
    Detect EC2 instances of specific tenancy like Dedicated hosts. 
    Detect VPC configuration changes like Flowlogs, NAT gateways etc. 
    Detect if EC2 instances have elastic IP address attached. 

Application Discovery service - Gathers on-prem data. 

For ALB, health checks works based on HTTP status code. 
Route 53 health checks, based on DNS records. It cannot be used to route to specific instance behind load balancer. 
In ASG, moved to standby state after launch. 
To copy AMI from one account to another - Use SSM Automation document + Stackset. 
Unified Cloudwatch log agent is used for streaming logs from EC2. 
To send logs from container ECS , requires awslogs driver in task definition and IAMrole to create stream and put log. 
In AWS COnfig, SNS used for streaming configuration changes. For single rule, use cloudwatch events. 
Use S3 events to trigger lambda. 
CNAME swap feature is not supported by cloudformation. Use Custom resource with lambda to process. 
AMI ID can be created using SSM Automation document. TO share with other account use SSM automation document alone. To copy other account require SSM document + Cloudformation stacksets. 
SSM patch manager - non security patch. Patch baseline + Run command runpatchbaseline - for security patches. 
Quick sight/Athena can create on top of S3 but not cloudwatch dashboard. 






    
