
Amazon EC2 Autoscaling: 

    In Target tracking, metrics like CPU utilization or request count. 
    When EC2 Auto Scaling is launching or terminating the EC2 instances in an EC2 Auto Scaling group? -> can configure to use SNS notification. 
    Launch configuration cant modify after created. 
    Autoscaling group is REGION specific. 
    Deploy to ASG using Code deploy or Cloud formation. 
    Data is not automatically copied and requires life cycle hooks to copy data or use RDS read replicas. 
    Launch hook can be used to to invoke Lambda function -> Run Command.
    ELB health check is preferred if using ELB else EC2 health check. 
    Stateful instances means instances have data on it. 

Amazon ECR (Elastic Container Registry): 

    It is a REGIONAL service. 
    It has both public and private repositories. 
    Cloud trail is used to check who pulled the image, which ec2 instances pulled image. 
    AWS Privatelink endpoints to be used to access within VPC. 
    Amazon ECR replicate images across multi regions and accounts. 
    For enhanced image scanning, use Amazon inspector. 
    For broad range of operating system vulnerabilities, enable scanning option in ECR. (ECR -> Images -> Scan) 

Amazon ECS (Elastic Container Service): 

    Docker is the only container platform supported. 
    PHA & HPAA complaint if executed BAA (Business Associate Addendum) with AWS. 

ELB (Elastic Load Balancing): 

    Gateway Load balancer - To deploy and run third party virtual appliances. 
    Can access ELB from VPC using VPC endpoints (private link). 
    HTTP/2 is supported in ALB over TLS. 
    Network load balancer supports Privatelink and Static IP. NLB -> ALB -> EC2.
    1 - 65535 TCP ports available. 
    ALB supports websockets and secure websockets. 
    Request tracing is enabled by default on ALB. 
    aws elb describe-load-balancers - classic 
    aws elbv2 describe-load-balancers - ALB 
    Cannot convert one load balancer to another. 
    For layer 4 features, use network load balance. 
    Add listener in port 80 for HTTP, port 443 for HTTPS. 
    in ALB, can terminate the HTTPS connection. Must install SSL certificate which used for descryption and send decrypted message to target.
    SSL certificates get by using AWS Certificate Manager or IAM. 
    Server Name Indication helps to select the certificate, if multiple host for the same IP address. 
    ALB + WAF -> To secure from web attacks. 
    LCU (Loada balancer capacity unit) - how much to pay for ALB. 

    In NLB, TCP+UDP supports on same port 53. 
    NLB preserves the source IP of the client. 

    





